Add Prometheus logging (#1215)
vutfitdiscord/rubbergod: cogs/prometheus/README.md

> # Source of module
> 
> Original work: <https://github.com/Apollo-Roboto/discord.py-ext-prometheus>
> 
> `Cog.py` module is adaptation of repository mentioned above. It was modified to work with disnake library and custom changes more suitable for us.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prometheus cog

## Source module

Original work: <https://github.com/Apollo-Roboto/discord.py-ext-prometheus>

The `cog.py` module is an adaptation of the repository mentioned above. It has been modified to work with the disnake library and includes custom changes that are more suitable for our requirements.
```
